Fix #11912: Update active palette on Object Selection (#13855)
OpenRCT2/OpenRCT2: distribution/changelog.txt

- Feature: [#13614] Add terrain surfaces from RollerCoaster Tycoon 1.
- Feature: [#13675] [Plugin] Add context.setInterval and context.setTimeout.
- Change: [#13346] [Plugin] Renamed FootpathScenery to FootpathAddition, fix typos.

> - Fix: [#4605, #11912] Water palettes not updating properly when selected in Object Selection.

Reviewer: Nitpic, but we don't use the present continuous.

```suggestion
- Fix: [#4605, #11912] Water palettes are not updated properly when selected in Object Selection.
```

On the subject of nitpicking: could you omit the dot at the end of the commit message? (But keep the one in the changelog!)

Author: Nitpicks fixed. 😉
